*comment GOALS: 
*comment - get character name
*comment - establish start of dream world goals 

You're walking down a long, dimly lit hallway. The walls are a pale blue, or maybe white but 
tinged in the unhealthy light. The floors match the walls, smooth, both free of any scuffs and
blemishes. Sterile. It's silent. Not even your own footsteps can break this silence. So rather
than walking, you feel like a ghost gliding.

The barest hint of shadows help outline walls of the hallway has walls but if you just stare forward
and let your eyes lose focus, the hallway turns into a tunnel which turns into a wall of hazy blue 
with a tiny prick of light at the end. You blink. It's a hallway again. 

"When do you think we'll reach the end?" The young boy walking beside you asks. He's wearing a 
large, bulky bright orange backpack so big, he could probably curl up and fit inside. The backpack 
seems to defy the dim, frosty lighting, almost glowing with its own warm light. He stares ahead 
down the hallway as he walks, wearing a dark  blue baseball cap with a dark stain on the rim. His face 
is obscured by the lid of the cap, much to your relief.

*choice
  #Ignore him.

    *comment Increase non medler attr 

    You turn your head forward, the cadence of your stride barely affected by the sudden question. 

    Silence returns, this time tinged by a tension. An expectation. Suddenly, your bare left arm brushes against 
    the wall and you turn to see it much closer than it was before. In fact, you're pretty sure the 
    hallway seems be shrinking in diameter. Great.

    You look back down at the boy walking beside you and he seems unaffected, even as the side of his 
    over-sized backpack starts grinding against the wall. The sound starts off dull, exactly what you would 
    expect from cheap, plastic nylon rubbing against a wall but soon the pitch rose to a screech, more akin to
    a child screaming up a temper tantrum without ever needing to break for air. 

    You sigh, loudly. You know there is not point in trying to cover your ears but you do so anyway.

    "Alright, alright, what do you want from me?" You yell as you look down at the kid. Despite everything,
    the two of you keep walking. The screeching sound lowers in volume, but remains. You try to ignore it.

    "When do you think we'll reach the end?"

    You sigh. Loudly.

    "I don't know. Soon enough."

    "Oh, ok."

  #"Soon." You have no idea when you'll reach the end.

    *comment Decrease honesty attr
    *comment Increase medler attr slightly

    "Oh, ok."

    The pair of you sink back into the silence as you continue your liesurely pace. You sneak another glance 
    at the kid. His backpack looks heavy.
  
    *choice
      #Offer to carry it for him.
        "Do you want me to carry that for you?"

        "Nah," he says. "Thanks but I got it."

      #Just keep walking.

  #"I don't know." You don't know.
    *comment Increase honesty attr
    *comment Increase medler attr slightly
    "Why don't you know?"

    "Why don't [i]you[/i] know?"

    The boy pauses. "I do know. It's coming up soon."

Before you realize it, the end comes into sight. Double glass doors framed by frost, the left with a bronze handle and the right 
with silver. Here, you find the source of cold, tinged blue light that filled the hallway. It almost hurts to looks at  
despite it not being that bright. You turn away with a grimace, squinting and shielding your eyes with your hand.

You didn't even realize you had stopped until you see the boy enter the corner of your vision, ever moving forward.

*choice
  #Stop him.
    *comment Increase medler attr 

    Your hand shoots forward and grabs the handle of his backpack. He makes a funny grunt, arms reaching out as he loses balance.
    He stumbles but catches himself. Like awaking from a trance, he whips his head back towards and you see his face for the first time.

  #Watch him open the door.
    *comment Decrease medler attr 

    You were hoping he would just open the door and walk through but he hesitates when he grabs the silver handle. Slowly he turns 
    back towards you and you see his face for the first time.

You don't shudder but you definitely purse your lips. He has no face, just an emptiness that never fails to unsettle you.
Often, you wondered what would happen if you were to reach inside.

Would the hole close, snapping your arm off? Would your hand find something deep inside, like a brain or a heart? Would something grab
your hand and wrench it down with the rest of your body as the hole widens and closes around you like the jaw of a python?

Fun little thoughts like that.

"See you around," the boy says.

"Probably not," you reply. The boy shrugs and opens the door. He struggles a bit with getting through the door with his annoying backpack
but once he's through, he vanishes and the door shuts behind him with a petit [i]clink[/i].

You can feel a shift in the air as soon as he's through. You better hurry forward.

*choice
  #Open the door with the bronze handle.
    *comment set variable of bronze
    You grab the bronze handle of the left door and turn it. 

  #Open the door with the siler handle.
    *comment set variable of silver
    You grab the silver handle of the right door and turn it. 

The light is so unpleasant, you have to close your eyes as you walk through.

When you open your eyes again, you find yourself looking at the familiar ugly ceiling of your bedroom. The uncomfortable bluish light 
from your dream is now the much more pleasant, yet still irritating morning light leaking through the blinds of your window. Judging by
the strength and colour, you'd guess it's late morning.
